It is important to note that this exchange doesn't handle the financial side of the exchange. It is a convenient place to set up buyers and sellers. This was done purposely for security reasons, yet it still provides a much greater alternative to the current system. Currently, students spam class-wide GroupMe chats with their ticket, textbook, or dorm item that they want ot sell and add "DM me for offers". This current market is inefficient because it is easy to lose track of offers, and it is difficult for buyers to get a fair price. For example, Harvard-Yale tickets were going for upwards of $150 simply because there was a lack of transparency. What this site aims to do is to consolidate all of the information that exists out in the Yale ether and to provide a central exchange that can make buying and selling Yale goods easier.

The tickets page was designed with a popup system instead of redirecting the user to a different page. It made a lot of sense for this part of the website because users want to see unique tickets and the best price first. This is due to the fact that there are many tickets for the same game that get listed by students. On the other hand, textbooks and dorm items are pretty unique, at least from my experience in the GroupMe. Using the popup allows users to get good summary data about a ticket to a certain game. If they like what they see, they can open the popup to reveal all of the offers.

There were a lot of difficulties when trying to create a dynamic button that opened a pop up listing games for the selected opponent. I was able to display the correct information in the popup earlier in the week, but it would only stay open for a few seconds. This was because the popup opened on a mouseclick using Javascript, but once the button was clicked, a post request was sent, causing the page to reload and the popup to close in seconds. I word with TAs during office hours, but to no avail. For this reason, I left the popup in, but it shows all of the games instead of subsets at a time. Overall, this element of the site was the most time consuming, taking approximately 10 hours. All in all, the website was comleted in about 50 hours.

The textbooks and dorm items pages are designed like a pinboard. I want users to see and read about what they are getting. The design seems friendly, and it cultivates the idea that this page is the communal Yale page to buy and sell items.

The index page was designed to show all of the items that a user listed. Most importantly, it shows all of the Good IDs of the items that they listed so that they know what ID number to put into the delist form after it is sold.

There are many improvements that I would like to make in the future. First I want to give the user more constraints. Right now, I am putting a lot of trust in the users that they will fill in the fields appropriately, as there are limited restrictions. I am trusting that their motivation to sell something online will outweigh their desire to cause chaos on the site. I also want to streamline the image upload process since uploading to Google Drive is inefficient. I would also like to get the popup working properly, probably with a JavaScript library that simplifies the process. I want to add a notification bar that notifies a user when their item has a buy offer. This notification would be pushed when another user presses a buy request button next to the item. Lastly, I want to add a hit count that shows how many times people clicked on that product. Then I could add a most popular items list to the homepage based on the number of clicks it got.